anyway I have something to show you
yes my latest invention it's a way for
people to travel with their pets without
worrying about feeding or cages or any
of that nonsense but what's more is
pictures monster
homes that's completely unrealistic how
would you find monster in that home
there's just lots of lights and flashing
music that's not the problem there's
only one real problem which is the
reason why I'm wearing this glove
contact hi oh is that safe for the
general public no I'm thinking of
calling it a poke ball though and
selling it to the French funny
where are we - I didn't get up off my
knees in time that what am I wearing
excuse me who are you and what are you
doing in our house oh hi I redo it and
this is a sword - Dora I don't know what
I'm doing here Jules the new turning
these people are clearly from a
different dimension in love with their
anachronistic style of dress and speech
patterns and hair problems that's not
important we clearly have some things in
common do you men who work together live
together travel together really spend
way too much time you're fond of each
other I'm never wrong don't touch
something their bare hands
contact hi I think we're about to find
out
to see it's coming from the ceiling
that's okay because I'm on a boat it's a
blanket real I am finding out what are
you doing he's walking on water
oh Jesus
this is my sorry that was the second
game we're on birth by Sleep now it's
too late to apologize
I don't know you're right I'm British
for cellphone and 3/4 British oh right
British Giri
I'm not even try getting tired I think
it's starting to wear off
okay you need real energy then
I have something that can make you feel
better